nfs: allow users to include additional files in the SSSD sidecar (#10933)
rook/rook: design/ceph/ceph-nfs-ganesha.md

             will mount the file into the SSSD sidecar.
          2. The file mode must be 0600.
        - Users only need one SSSD conf Volume per CephNFS that has this option path enabled.

>       - Users must be able to provide additional files that are referenced in the the SSSD config file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Users may provide additional files that can be referenced in the the SSSD config file
```

            configMap:
              name: rook-ceph-nfs-organization-sssd-config
              defaultMode: 0600 # mode must be 0600

>         sssdGenericFiles:

Reviewer: Since it's not specifically `sssd.conf`, I think `supplementalFiles`, `additionalFiles`, `genericFiles`, or something like that is sufficient.

```suggestion
        supplementalFiles:
```

>           volumeSource:
>             # example
>             configMap:
>               name: rook-ceph-nfs-organization-sssd-ca-bundle
>               defaultMode: 0600 # mode must be 0600

Reviewer: If we are including supplemental files, it might be better to allow users to specify as many mounts as they like. We could make `volumeSource` a list

```suggestion
          - volumeSource:
              configMap:
                name: rook-ceph-nfs-organization-sssd-ca-bundle
                defaultMode: 0600 # mode must be 0600
          - volumeSource:
              hostPath:
                # etc.
```

>             mountPath: /etc/local/certs

Reviewer: I have concerns that allowing users to specify any mountPath could allow them to pretty easily mess up SSSD's ability to run. I considered a similar approach for the config files. I think it might be better to put other files into a specific directory to limit users' ability to mess things up for themselves.
